[options]
systemd = disabled
tinfo = disabled
cryptsetup = disabled
libutil = disabled
libutempter = disabled
libpcre2-posix = disabled
libuser = disabled
use-tty-group = false
use-tls = false
build-python = disabled
build-zramctl = disabled
build-fsck = disabled
build-wipefs = disabled
build-fallocate = disabled
build-setpriv = disabled
build-hardlink = disabled
build-cramfs = disabled
build-bfs = disabled
build-minix = disabled
build-fdformat = disabled
build-lslogins = disabled
build-wdctl = disabled
build-cal = disabled
build-switch_root = disabled
build-pivot_root = disabled
build-lsmem = disabled
build-lsirq = disabled
build-irqtop = disabled
build-chmem = disabled
build-ipcrm = disabled
build-rfkill = disabled
build-tunelp = disabled
build-kill = disabled
build-last = disabled
build-utmpdump = disabled
build-line = disabled
build-mesg = disabled
build-raw = disabled
build-vipw = disabled
build-newgrp = disabled
build-chfn-chsh = disabled
build-login = disabled
build-nologin = disabled
build-sulogin = disabled
build-su = disabled
build-runuser = disabled
build-ul = disabled
build-pg = disabled
build-write = disabled
build-bash-completion = disabled
build-pylibmount = disabled
readline = disabled
magic = disabled
ncursesw = enabled
buildtype = plain

[properties]
cross_file = ['/home/notlean/openwrt-uboost/build_dir/target-aarch64_cortex-a53_musl/util-linux-2.39/openwrt-cross.txt']
native_file = ['/home/notlean/openwrt-uboost/build_dir/target-aarch64_cortex-a53_musl/util-linux-2.39/openwrt-native.txt']

